## 10 Seconds on a Bull Named Mechano

Cameron, my older sister found this bar called Dakota here in Wellington that has fried oreos and a mechanical bull. She really wanted to go and we saw online that they have 2 for 1 food on Thursdays. Cameron was really going for the fried oreos, because being from Arkansas we have had our fair share of good fried oreos.  So we hopped on a bus and headed out. 

Our first little hiccup was getting off the bus. I got off the bus just fine, but the bus driver closed the door before Cameron could get off. So my natural instinct was to keep up with the bus, so I started running after it. Afterall we were brand new to the city and didn’t know our way around that much. Luckily the next stop wasn’t far and we got reunited soon.

We made it to Dakota soon after, and ordered our fried oreos and a few drinks. Glad to say that they were up to snuff. They were actually pretty amazing! The batter was great and reminded me of funnel cake batter from state fairs, and the oreos themselves were soft and just melted in your mouth. 

After we finished the oreos we noticed them setting up a mechanical bull. Now you might not know my sister that well but she normally isn’t one to do things in public that might embarrass her. Like ya know flying off a mechanical bull, but after a little persuasion and a “I’ll do it if you do it” I had her convinced. 

There wasn’t much of a crowd so each of us got a few turns on the bull. I went first, kicked off my shoes and hopped up there like a real cowboy. Wrapped the tie around my hand and I was off. The attendant started out slow but eventually that thing was spinning and bucking, but I was holding on. He eventually threw me and it was Camerons turn. She also did very well and I was cheering her on from the sidelines. 

The next time I got up there the guy let me have it. I was spinning all around and went about 10 seconds before getting thrown off. All in all a pretty amazing experience. Highly recommend Dakota Bar. You can check their website for when they have the bull out.

[Dakota Bar Website](https://www.dakotabar.co.nz/happy-hours-wellington)

[Google Maps Link](https://g.co/kgs/q7EvRoF)


