## Te Papa National Museum

My first time visiting [The Te Papa National Museum](https://www.tepapa.govt.nz/) was with my good friend Carson. She came to New Zealand to visit and explore. We met up when she came through Wellington, had a few beers at one of my favorite bars, [The Rogue and Vagabond](https://rogueandvagabond.co.nz/), and went to see the museum. 

At that time Te Papa was free for everyone, but now they have updated their policies that now it is just free for people who live in New Zealand. 

That aside, the museum is awesomeI We explored it for half a day and still didn’t see everything. By far the most memorable exhibit was their WWII museum. They had partnered with Weta Workshops, ya know the people behind Avatar and LOTR, and built these massive, larger than life, sculptures of these war veterans. The detail was insane. You could see individual hairs on their body. The whole exhibit was a wonderful tribute to the soldiers and gave you a very informative look into their struggles and life during the war. 

The other very memorable exhibit was the earthquake simulator. It was a little kitchen room set up that played an informative video and simulated an earthquake. Which now after living in Wellington for a little bit was very accurate. 

They also have bones from some of the now extinct birds that used to roam the land here. The most impressive was the [Moa Bird](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moa). I remember Carson turning to me and saying, “you can’t tell me thats not a dinosaur”. All in all it was a great experience and a great way to learn about the country and have fun while doing it. I would definitely recommend it to anyone that has the chance to go. 
